Epilogue, 30 years after the campaign finishes - written by Lucas

30 years have passed since the the Matron’s arrival, and Aevorilius is the tyrant king of the Bunelian Empire. After his victory over Serzak and executing the usurper Duke, he recognised the power of the Matron and sought to align the state with her strength. With the matron’s favour, he leashed many of the monstrosities from the convergence to Bunelia’s control, and with them conquered much of the continent. Bunelia was transformed from a small dukedom to a continent-spanning empire. A dark age reigns, with the abomination forces of Aevor wreaking havoc as the empire continues to expand.

High Bishop Traumaticus, the principal religious authority of Bunelia, was converted (forcibly?) to the faith of the Matron, and now uses the numerous churches of the Matron throughout the realm as an inquisition, crushing all who oppose Bunelia’s might. Thousands across the empire speak his name in hushed tones, with his religious zeal and fervent violence against heresy instilling fear in would-be blasphemers.

Alongside the High Bishop is Mort ‘the Mayhem Maker’, the jester-spy of the Bunelian Empire. Having ascended from lowly street urchin to the Bunelian court, he quickly proved his worth as an informant and agent of Bunelia as Aevorilius cemented his control and rooted out traitors. Using his roguish tricks to sow discord amongst Bunelia’s enemies (employing assassinations and his extensive spy network), no foe to Bunelia is ever truly safe.

But hope is not lost. An underground resistance movement fights against Bunelia’s reign of terror; “the Echos”. Taking their name from the forgotten hero Echo (all traces of his existence are stamped out by Bunelia) who sacrificed himself to help kill Serzak, they fight fiercely against Aevorilius’ monstrous forces. The Echos draw their strength from the memory of the Forgotten Three; Bramble, Echo and Theodore, who were slain in their pursuit to save the world. The Echos exist thanks to Theodore’s prior musical performances across Pinapota, with the audiences inspired by the tales of the heroic figure who wielded Stormforged. Theodore inspired within them a more hopeful future, and these former audiences helped forge the vanguard of the Echos

Bramble is deified by many within the Echos as a God. Not much is known about him other than being large and friendly, so rumours have abounded about his mysterious origins, with this ultimately culminating in many people deciding to worship him as a mystical figure. King Aevorilius detests this lunacy, but this only emboldens those in the Echos who worship Bramble (called, uninspiringly, ‘the Bramblers’), with their jovial religious practices acting as a form of resistance to the hateful Bunelian worship of the Matron.

Who will come out on top?

Bunelia’s elite dread troops, who ride and lead the monstrous beasts from the Convergence into battle, have entitled themselves (on account of their hellish countenance) the ‘Downward Bound’.

There is no rhyme nor reason to the abomination forces, reflecting the chaotic dimensions and hells from which these terrors have been pulled from. Bunelian archers may stride atop war mammoths 50 feet high; lancers may screech across the battlefield on giant insectoid scorpions; a roaring hoard of winged minotaurs may hurl down boulders from above the battlefield; armoured scaled serpents may belch noxious gas into enemy battlements… and so on. It is this unpredictability that has allowed the Bunelian empire to expand so aggressively and successfully, militarily and psychologically bulldozing their enemies.

The High Bishop’s eyes radiate equal amounts hate and faith, his unwavering gaze compelling goosebumps to rise on your skin and shivers to shriek down your spine. If he can instil such supernatural terror with just a look, god knows what vehement religiosity lurks beneath his seething face. In an infamous event known as ‘the Decimation’, a few years after the Matrons’ arrival and his ascension to Bunelian High Bishop, Traumaticus single-handedly decapitated 10 heretical Bramble worshippers by strangulation. Eyewitnesses of this incident attest to it being exceedingly unsettling, but surprisingly swift.

Mort is an enigma. Though he has no title other than ‘Jester’, he is one of the most feared figures within the Bunelian court. It takes but a whisper from Mort in the right ear and a man is exiled, a family impoverished, or a village put to death. On first impressions, Mort is small and seemingly harmless, with his disarmingly innocent smile providing the image of a typical court fool. However, his knowledge is seemingly boundless, supplied by his self-trained spies in stealth and intrigue. His agents lurk within every dark corner of the empire like a parasitic rot, seeking out any and all information that could potentially be of use to their beloved patron Mort, who is in turn loyally enthralled to his king Aevorilius. In a particularly grisly example of his reach, Mort once condemned a province to famine-level grain seizures (leading to tens of thousands of deaths) after the province leader tried to ‘mislead’ the King that farm revenues had decreased by 2%, when his revenues had actually only decreased by 1.8%.

The Echos, identified often by a brass ring worn around their wrists, draw strength from technologically surpassing Bunelia’s military might, which relies heavily on the chaotic Convergence beasts. Taking inspiration from their namesake’s final sacrifice, the Echos have established numerous underground dynamite factories across the empire, often hidden within basements and warehouses in major cities. These explosives are used to blast apart the garrisons and barracks that harbour the Convergence beasts, crippling the strength of Bunelian military forces. Alongside this active military resistance, scientists within the resistance movement seek to recover the blasted remains of Echo and reforge him, reviving him as their leader to help eventually deliver a death blow to the Bunelian empire.

The original founders of the Echos, having been influenced by Theodore’s tales of heroism, have located and retained both the Chalice of Temptation and broken hilt of Stormforged as sacred relics. Though the chalice is stored away to prevent any potential danger to people’s souls, Stormforged’s hilt is routinely used in a ceremonious fashion to ‘knight’ new members into the group. Just as Echo is a symbol of the material and practical resistance to Bunelia, and Bramble’s memory is used as a spiritual resistance to the empire, Theodore’s musical lyrics and stories offer up a hopeful future of what could come once the Bunelian yoke is overthrown.

The Brambler faith is both semi-joke and source of propagandistic resistance.

Whilst many turn to Bramble as a wellspring of joviality and joy during a time of darkness and tyranny, others seek to utilise it as a more appealing alternative to the Matron, diminishing her power by converting her worshippers.

Whilst some within the Brambler faith consider Bramble an inspirational figure more than an explicitly religious one, during moments of intense prayer and ritual many of the Brambler congregation say they can hear a faint “Islander” accent murmuring from on high… perhaps their worship is indeed reforging the deceased ‘Halfling’ as an actual God?