###  Intro 
The party starts off in a suprisingly empty inn, with just the barman, and an elderly man ([[Zardir]]) sitting in a table in the corner reading. The party introduce themselves and the barman walks over to see if they will help clear off the group of travellers outside who are scaring away customers. The party haggle and agree they will get 500GP between them if they do this for him. 

They head outside and speak to an elderly man amongst the group sat around a fire drinking. The man (called [[Stanamir]]) does not understand why they would need to move on as they are not causing trouble. He says they are leaving at the end of the day anyway and would appreciate the adventurers help if they join him. He spits on the fire and it turns green, and he tells a story as it animates in the fire. He tells a story of how his group of people (the [[The Vistani]]) found an injured soldier one night and they looked after him and nursed him back to health. He turned out to be a prince and helped the [[The Vistani]]. He was however cursed, so [[Stanamir]] asks for the party's assistance. The cursed man is called [[Strahd]]. We are to go to [[Borovia]] to speak with [[Madame Ava]] who knows the most about it.

The party head back inside to tell the barman that the group are leaving, and request their money. They persuade him to pay half (250GP between them) until he see's that they have actually left. The party finish their drinks and go over to [[Zardir]] to see if he has anything interesting to say regarding the group outside. He is deep in his book (a folklore tale of a magic sword), and has not much to add. [[Suutha]] notices a letter in his bag, which [[Chunk]] tries to steal but gets caught. [[Zardir]] is annoyed, and his eyes glow blue with magic, but once he's calmed down he admits he doesn't need it, so lets them keep it regardless. The [[Kolyan Indirovich's Letter| letter]] tells of another cursed person ([[Ireena Kolyana]]) but the party agree to keep it to themselves and go out to leave with the [[The Vistani]]. Before heading off, a disagreement occurs between [[Chunk]] and [[Stanamir]], and [[Chunk]] has a curse placed upon him, limiting his fine motor skills.

###  The Journey 
The journey takes several days, during which the [[The Vistani]] warn the party of the [[Svalich Woods]]. Their destination is near [[Tser Pool Encampment]]. One night on the journey the party fall unconscious and all wake up without the [[The Vistani]] on a road with a dense wall of mist on 3 sides. The only other direction is towards the [[Svalich Woods]], where there are tracks heading. The party moves toward the woods, with high trees and dense mists just off the path. They arrive at a tall gate with large headless stone statues on either side. The door slams shut when they try and peek through, but on their approach opens again for them. They continue through the gate and the woods continues.
They arrive at a village, which looks completely abandoned, aside from a crying noise the party can hear. There are also 2 children [[Rose and Thorn]] who look very upset, and tell of a monster in the basement of their house (the only house without the windows boarded up), and their baby brother on the 3rd floor. They soon realise the children are a magical illusion, but agree to go in to the house anyway.

###  The House 
They explore the ground floor of the house and locate a sword and sheild emblazened with a crest of a red windmill. [[Suutha]] takes these. They also find a [[Mysterious Letter to the Children| letter addressed to Rose and Thorn]], telling them how their mother is now a monster. In most rooms there is art adorning the walls, which on closer inspection, has many death related elements (skeletons, faces, etc.). On the second floor, there is a room with a bookshelf. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] inspects this and locates a secret door behind it, with more bookshelves, and a chest with loot and another [[Strahd's Letter| letter]] from Strahd to his 'servant'. Erlanor decides to stay here for a while to study the books.

The rest of the party continue up the stairs and encounter an animated suit of armor which they manage to defeat. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] joins the party having finished his studies, and informs the party that the books told of experiments with sacrificing innocents to achieve immortality.

The party continue to explore and find a very gaunt looking woman in the 3rd floor bedroom who repeatedly screams "Don't touch the children" whilst gesturing at a door from the room. When [[Jeff]] begins to attempt to quietly open that door, she screams and flies up through the cieling. In  the room they find a cradle with what looks like a baby wrapped in cloth. Upon inspection it is just cloth. They also locate a [[Letter from Elizabeth Durst]] detailing the plans for an 'innocent sacrifice'.

The party head into the attic and encounter the woman again, who appears to be a wraith. They fight and manage to kill her. In the next room in the attic they see the skeletal remains of two children (thought to be [[Rose and Thorn]]) as well as a chest and a dolls house (an identical replica of the house theyre currently in). In the chest is a potion which is able to cure [[Chunk]] of his curse. When inspecting the dolls house, the 2 illusions of [[Rose and Thorn]] suddenly appear in the room. The party notice there is another staircase through the centre of the dolls house leading down into the basement. They locate the same staircase in the real house and head down to the basement....