###  Journey to Vallaki 
The party continue the road towards [[Vallaki]] as it climbs up the mountainside. They arrive at a bridge over a waterfall, and looking back and west, in the distance they can just about see the [[Tser Pool Encampment]] through the fog. There are two gargoyles on the old mouldy bridge, and as they begin to cross, [[Malachi]] seems to think he sees one of the gargoyles move...

They continue the road, and rise above the fog, where they notice the road splitting in the distance. The road to the east, is a heavily cobbled road, which looks like a major route. The route to the west, is a simple dirt track. Believing the cobbled route to the east to be [[Ravenloft]], they take the western road, hoping to make it to [[Vallaki]]. They follow the track, and come upon a huge set of gates similar to those in the [[The Curse of Strahd - Session 1 | first part of their adventure]]. The road descends downhill, into a valley. At the far end of the valley, near a large lake, they see a walled town, which they believe to be [[Vallaki]]. On the west of them, and only a few hundred metres away, is a dilapidated windmill.

###  The Baker in The Bush 
As it's getting late, and they all could do with a rest before entering the new town, they decide to explore the windmill. They see a raven perched on the fence outside, cawing loudly, and [[Chunk]], fires his bow at it, missing but scaring it off. Meanwhile, [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] hears a twig snap in the bushes beside them, and notices a large man hiding in the bushes, seemingly hiding from something. They approach him and enquire as to who he is and what he's doing here. He gets very defensive, and there is a quick altercation between him and [[Chunk]]. After calming down, he reveals himself to be [[Grogg]], and has heard this windmill produces famous pastries, and he would like the recipe. They party agree that if they help him get the pastry, he will no longer try and attack them. He eventually agrees, so they head to the windmill. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] sends [[Kio]] up to take a quick look through the windows, but they are very grimy so is only able to make our the shape of 2 figures.

###  Inside the Windmill 
They head into the windmill, on the bottom floor they see a room with a number of interesting items in it. A vat of green liquid they recognise to be demon ichor, a trunk that has croaking emanating from it. [[Chunk]] opens the trunk and frogs jump out. [[Grogg]] proceeds to flatten all of the frogs with one mighty roll of his expensive rolling pin. The party head upstairs where they can hear cackling coming from, they meet the pastry seller that they met the day before. She asks them if they want to buy a pastry. [[Chunk]] after trying to negotiate, buys one for the full price of 1gp. He then falls in to a dream and is unaware of what happens next. [[Grogg]] feels that this is the recipe that he came looking for, and tries to persuade the woman to give it to him. She seems to grow more irritated and keeps asking if he wants to buy a pastry or leave. Finally her patience snaps and she hits him with a massive lighting bolt. The characters decide that maybe they doesn't want to risk anyone else getting hit with one of those and make a swift exit, with [[Chunk]] slung over [[Suutha | Suutha's]] shoulder. As they're leaving [[Suutha]] steals 3 vials she sees on the side. These are 3 elxirs, one of laughter, one of youth, one of 'mothers milk'.

###  Reaching Vallaki 
After returning to the road, the group head around the lake to [[Vallaki]]. On the approach to the walled city, they see wolves' heads on spikes. [[Suutha]] wraps her furs around her tighter as they walk up to the guards behind the iron gates.

The gate has a large sign labelling it as the morning gate. They speak to the guards who let them into the town to find accomodation. They tell them the [[Bluewater Inn]] can provide food, wine and shelter for the night, just down the main road on the right. They head there, and see the town is busy, with lots of locals wearing mostly drab greys, and a few bright items (scarves etc). As they arrive at the [[Bluewater Inn]] they see a large 2 story wooden building, with several ravens perched on the side. There is a well in front of the building, and an outdoor staircase going up the side.

###  The Bluewater Inn 
They head into the inn, and buy a round of drinks to plan their next moves. At this stage, [[Chunk]] is still completely out of it, and [[Grogg]] is very weak. They have a few drinks, and [[Suutha]] begins filling [[Grogg]] in on their previous encounters, including the meeting with [[Donovich]] and [[Doru]]. She tells everything, which is new to [[Ismark the Lesser| Ismark]] and [[Ireena Kolyana | Ireena]], and they are appalled and leave to their rooms.

The party decide to get rooms as well and reconvene in the morning, once they're all rested. During the night, the effect of the pastry wears off [[Chunk]], and he wakes up and decides to trick [[Grogg]] to pay him back for attacking him previously. Using a spell, he gives [[Grogg]] the appearance of having soiled himself. [[Grogg]] is suspicious of [[Chunk]] when he wakes, but has no evidence so accepts that he must have done it himself.

They reconvene for breakfast, except [[Ireena Kolyana | Ireena]] and [[Ismark the Lesser| Ismark]] who sit on their own away from the group. They party discuss plans, and [[Grogg]] is still keen to return to the windmill to try and get the recipe. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] is nervous about the witches, but is aware of the prophecy by [[Madame Ava]]: 'I see a lonely mill on a precipice. The treasure lies within', so is keen to investigate to see if this could be the mill in question. [[Chunk]] proposes a plan in which he disguises himself to lure the woman out of the mill, whilst the remaining group sneak in, and look for the recipe or anything else of interest. In an emergency, they will jump out the window, and [[Chunk]] will cast feather falling on them all to safely lower them down.

As a test of his abilities, [[Chunk]] goes over to [[Ireena Kolyana | Ireena]] and [[Ismark the Lesser| Ismark]]. He manages to fool them, so they don't recognise him, and begins to convince [[Ismark the Lesser| Ismark]] that he has a great business opportunity in drop shipping, if he puts in 100g today, he will get back 500g in 3 months time. They sign a contract that [[Chunk]] quickly writes up, and they leave. [[Chunk]] considers this payment for getting [[Ireena Kolyana | Ireena]] to [[Vallaki]]. When he rejoins the party, he says he earned 10g, and splits that between them. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] does not want to take it, so lets [[Chunk]] keep his share.

###  Returning to the Windmill 
On the journey back to the windmill, the party see a young boy who is looking for [[Ireena Kolyana | Ireena]] and asks if they know where she might be. He appears distressed. They are unsure, so don't tell him anything - as he leaves, some of the party watch him run off, and suddenly disappear into a puff of smoke.

When they get to the windmill, [[Chunk]] goes in costume, and knocks on the door, and a [[Night Hag]] answers. He convinces her of a plan to buy her pastries, and sell them on and return the profits, so she follows him outside to his 'pastry cart'. The rest of the party sneak through the door, and shut it behind them. They look around and see the pile of frogs that [[Grogg]] killed earlier swept into a pile in the corner.

Up one flight of stairs they see a mill, which appears to have the remains of children's bones on it. The ascend the second flight of stairs and see a second [[Night Hag]], they discuss with her about buying the recipe. They also notice there are a few boxes in the room which sound as though there are children in them. After continuing to talk with the hag, they establish that children are cooked into the pastries. Meanwhile, the hag outside begins to see through [[Chunk]]'s trick, and blasts him and he falls unconscious.

The hag in the room with the others begins to get irate at them asking questions. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] hands her a child's bone he'd picked up at the [[The Curse of Strahd - Session 2| Durst House]], and after she confirms that they cook the children he decides to change the plan. He steps into the centre of the room and casts thunderwave outwards from him, blasting the hag out the window, where she falls to the floor. It also breaks the crates around the room, revealing the children. [[Suutha]] looks out the window at the hag, and notices [[Chunk]] unconscious on the floor, and the hag that fell out of the building still alive and rounding towards the entrance. [[Erlanor Valhorn | Erlanor]] and [[Malachi]] decide to jump out the window, taking some damage and run away to escape. [[Malachi]] stabilizes [[Chunk]], then waits at the door to heal the others as they follow.

[[Grogg]] and [[Suutha]] remain in the building with the children and dash into the roof space, where they see an old book ([[Tome of Strahd]]). [[Suutha]] grabs the book, and they all descend the ladder and jump out the window, breaking the fall for the children.

They manage to escape and immediately head back to [[Bluewater Inn]] in [[Vallaki]].