The Algrex are a squid like creature with four tentacles with a barbed end to each that live in the deep oceans surrounding the Isles of Fate. An adult Algrex can grow up to 3m long and live up to 5 years. Algrex are carnivorous creatures that hunt in packs of 5 or 6 to eat sea creatures significantly larger than themselves. They latch on to their prey (normally whales and other large slow moving creatures) and embed their barbed tentacles into its skin. From here they will begin to digest the animal whilst it is still alive. A pack of Algrex can consume a creature of around 20m in about 48hrs. Whilst eating, their bodies can swell to almost twice their original size and they can go for up to a week before needing a meal again.

The eyesight of an Algrex is not particularly strong since it spends a lot of its time hunting deep in the ocean where there is little light, and once it is latched onto its prey, it has almost no need for good vision anyway. This does mean however it is not uncommon for a ship, especially when travelling further from land, to be attacked by a pack of Algrex. They do not hold on long after they realize there is no food to eat, but a the damage they do to a ship is often irreparable and will often sink shortly afterwards.

Algrex barbs will often wash up on the beach and are used for brewing potions, as well as in jewelry and decorations. Before the Algrex were discovered and documented, these barbs were thought to be dragon teeth due to their bone like nature.