###  Recovering in the woods 
As the party heads away from the camp, Finethir suggests that they might need to recover before they set off for the tower. He leads the party off the main road and in to a small clearing, Stuart curls up in the roots of a tree, and Zalace climbs a nearby tree and ties himself to a branch. Meanwhile Finethir explains the situation better to Baba, whom he seems to have less of an issue with. He explains that 2 years ago his apprentice Noke transformed him into a Sheep, and his sister into a Rabbit. He explains that his old apprentice is inexperienced but is trying to replace him and that they were kept in a fenced garden for the 2 years since. Baba asks if Finethir wants to try any of his mutton or rabbit rations to Finethir's disdain.

That night, Stuart dreams the following: You start walking back along the path towards town. As you walk a thick fog piles in around you. The limbs of the trees seem to lengthen and grow as they tilt in over you, snagging on your clothes as you walk along a path that used to be wide enough for a wagon. You start to run along the path, your hair snagging on the branches and the fog getting thicker, blocking out the light. The fog weighs heavy in your lungs and your breathing becomes laboured. You fight to move faster and faster but you feel yourself going slower. The thud of hooves comes from behind you, as you try to pick up your feet and keep moving. The sound of horses bearing down on you becomes a scream, as you fall to the floor turning. You look up to see a giant horse reared up over you. As the hooves fall down on to you you curl up in to a ball and hear a scream you didn’t realise you were making escape your lips.
###  Fighting Noke 
The party travel with Finethir and make it to a clearing with a large structure made from the living branches of 4 large oak trees. There is also a small outbuilding surrounding it. They see a group of 3 monkeys with greatswords playing dice  at the bottom of the entrance to the building.

In an attempt to distract them, Zalace sends his horse running. This spooks the monkeys who call out to Noke. He appears in a window high above and spots the party before disappearing back into his house. They manage to defeat some of the monkeys, at which point they hear a loud scream, and a large bear comes out from one of the huts and joins the fight against the party.

After defeating the bear, they hear another noise, sounding like a tree snapping in a storm, and Noke burst from the roof on the back of a wooden dragon, who's body is formed from a bed, and wings from the bedding. They manage to defeat the dragon, but take a lot of damage in the process. After the dragon is defeated, Noke casts a spell at himself and turns into a large fleshy mass, covered in fanged mouths. He continues to attack in this state.

Baba locates the wand on the floor, and attempts to cast a spell at him, but nothing happens. As a last ditch attempt, he breaks the wand causing a large explosion, knocking him unconscious but killing Noke in the process. Finethir is distraught that the wand is broken, as that was his solution to turning back into a human.

###  Baba is recruited 
A group of soldiers turn up on horses, demanding an audience with Noke. After not giving them clear details, they presume the unconscious Baba to be Noke, and take him with them. The others come along as they said that they will require his services later. They are taken back to the they meet Mayor Vinaz, in her large mansion. She is nearly 5ft tall, with dark skin and braided hair, and wears leather and scale clothes. She is joined by a purple skinned woman with a tail, who is taller and has longer bushy brown hair, and slightly glowing eyes. Mayor Vinaz explains that she needs Baba to turn her nephew in to a Dragon as she knows that he's capable of doing. There is a rival mayor coming tomorrow, and she needs to be able to prove that she has a dragon under her control. She introduces Maris Vinaz, her nephew. Baba is initially confused having just regained consciousness, but see's no other option so agrees to it, and is told to go and stay as the guest of Horstock, the leader of the guards.
###  Rescuing Baba with Fire 
Baba is locked in the Horstock's basement for the night, and they agreed that they will get 'his' wand for him in the morning. Zalace, Arisham and Stuart are also staying at Horstock's in one of the higher floors. They decide to break out to rescue Baba. They sneak down the street and break in to a liqueur store. When trying to sneak back to Horstock's house they get caught by some guards who confiscate all but one bottle of alcohol and send them on their way. They make their only remaining bottle of alcohol into a molotov cocktail. The trio sneak down the street next to Horstock's house and throw the bottle in to one of the dark rooms they notice. As the room lights up with the fire spreading throughout, Horstock wakes up from the bed and dives through the window.

Horstock tries to grapple both of them, but they manage to break free and escape out in to the street. Meanwhile Baba breaks out of the basement having heard the commotion, and is and shown out on to the street, being rescued from the fire. He comes out to see the pair of Zalace and Stuart coming out from the street next to him. Zalace and Stuart try to escape, but the guards manage to grab Zalace. Stuart fights them, and sends one of the guards flying into the men on grappling Zalace, knocking him free. Zalace and Stuart race around the corner and hide in a dressmakers.

Horstock informs Baba that he will have to spend the night in the cell as there is no other option. Baba does not approve, and uses the fact that they believe him to be a powerful wizard to pretend to cast a spell at them. They quickly backtrack and offer him to instead stay at the second in command (Robert)'s house.

###  A room falling away from you 
Zalace has the following dream:
You wake in the room you fell asleep in, you climb up out of your bedroll, and as you do so you feel the room start to tilt forward. You stumble slightly as you fall forwards in to the wall in front of you. You manage to stick your arms out in front of you, but you feel your stomach rise and you feel the floor fall away from your feet. The wall that you fell in to has become the floor but the room starts to spin again and you roll over in to another wall, and feel yourself start to fall off this new floor as the previous wall ceases to exist. As you slip off and start to fall in to nothingness, you manage to twist around and get your feet under you. But as you do so the room tilts again, and you find yourself running forward into a corner consisting of one wall, and an empty space to your right where the floor used to be. Your fingers dig into the wooden beam as your legs swing out into nothingness again, but you manage to remain attached to reality. But this time as you start to pull yourself up back in to the little bubble of existence, the beam you’re holding on to starts to become soft like clay. Your fingers start to slip through, and eventually you fall down into nothingness.