* **Resources:** [Roll20 Campaign](https://app.roll20.net/campaigns/details/13038202/the-wild-sheep-chase)

###  Players 

* [[Emrys Hawthorn]] : [[Joe]]
* [[Guru]] : [[Guneet]]
* [[Dolf]] : [[James 2]]
* [[Troubador]] : [[Paddy]]
* [[Jeremiah]] : [[Matt 2]]

##  Session Notes 

Session 2

The water woman is destroyed, her body splashes back into the water and the sisters cackle as the water settles and any trace of her is lost. The 3 sisters get in the water celebrating their new accessibility to the resource. Troubadour and Emrys join them. Jeremiah and Dolf depart, to try and discover more, with Guru staying behind but out of the water. In the water their aches and pains start to heal and Emrys' vines start to regrow.

Jeremiah and Dolf return to the the tower collecting their gear on the way. They notice that the elf statue is missing and realise that something is amiss. They enter the tower, where Saeth offers to make a deal with them, demanding that they make the deal immediately or he'll remove the offer from the table. They bluster their way past and go upstairs past the studio.
They enter the tower kitchen and find a short man with an oversized coat dragging along the floor. They recognise Thomas a man now so small with his limbs so shrunken he struggles to move around. They also recognise a similar statue to the one downstairs. Thomas seems scared but unwilling to turn against the sisters.
On recognising the statue they voice their intent to destroy it. At which point the gargoyle makes it's move advancing on the two. Eventually they're able to destroy the gargoyle much to Thomas' amazement.

Meanwhile Emrys finds his vines almost fully regrown in the water. Morgana offers to come back with the Delvers with Azyrssa if they take care of a curse. Destroying the creature the curse is tied to in the basement of the abandoned shrine they saw before. The present Delvers agree, with Troubadour finding his heartstrings pulled by Morgana. They create a thunderclap summoning the rest of their party back from the tower. On the way, Dolf decides that, upon Saeth offering another chance at the deal, that he's too dangerous to leave alive and smashes Saeth's head killing him.
They return to the sisters and their companions, weapons in hand. Troubadour's synchronised swimming put the fears at ease, and after asking why they used the danger signal they are filled in on the plan. Their is a thought to ask the sisters to agree to help them. But the Devlers eventually agree to tackle the curse alone. As they leave Troubadour tries to spy on the sisters but they spot him and send him on his way.

They arrive back at the abandoned shrine and find the hole in the roof. As they descend into the space they find a large statue of Sune, and shattered mirror on the walls. As they descend the stairs into the basement they hear a hissing noise. Emrys runs into the room and asks that the medusa doesn't attack them, but before he can convince he finds himself petrified and turned to stone. Troubadour rushes in and throws his boomerwang before diving for cover behind some clothes. The medusa rushed him and swung for him with her sword and hair. A water creature then appeared out of the pool of water in the basement and lashed out a tentacle for Troubadour, binding him and dragging him towards the water. Guru rushes in and swings for the water creature, freeing Troubadour. Jeremiah uses a mirror to peer around the corner and lets Dolf know that they're dealing with a gorgon. Dolf not knowing what a gorgon is, rushes in and swings for the medusa, hurting her. Jeremiah nervouly releases a magical cloud of gas hindering everyone present. Dolf tries to swing at the Medusa but finds himself looking in the eyes of the Medusa and finds himself turned to stone. Jeremiah creates a painful noise hurting the Medusa and water creature and knocking Troubadour unconscious. The water weird grapples Guru and the Medusa runs over to swing at Guru and Troubadour killing Troubadour.

Troubadour awakes in a dark plane in an inch of water, he finds himself confronting Sune, the Goddess of this temple and of passion and love. She asks why they have been trying to kill her servant Silvarie and tasks Troubadour with writing this wrong. She also notes that he's been falling for the sister calling herself Greensong, she identifies her real name as Auntie Greenbones and that the sisters are foul beings that have been corrupting her holy place. She takes away Troubadour's ability to love physicaly and emotionally, but agrees to send him back to the world of the living. Troubadour wakes and informs his companions that they've been trying to kill the wrong individual. He earns the trust of the Medusa by revealing some secrets that Sune had imparted on him, such as Greensongs real name and the party manages to convince Medusa that they don't wish her further harm.

She agrees to cover her eyes with a strip of cloth, and the party proceed to ask her to explain the situation. Silvarie (the Medusa) explains how she was cursed by the three sisters after wanting to be more sure of herself. The party decides that before they can try to kill the 3 sisters they need to fetch some water to try and un-petrify Emrys and Dolf. So they return to the pool with the sisters and say that they've nearly defeated the Medusa but they need the water to unpetrify their friends. They grab water and head back to the shrine, but Troubadour notices on the way in that the three sisters are no longer on the pool. They descend into the shrine and pour the water on their allies, but as they do so the three sisters and Brian the dog descend into the basement to attack.

Morgana lets loose a wave of blight over Syvarie doing large amounts of necrotic damage Jeremiah unleashes a poison spray on Morgana, and Guru steels himself using the mirror found in the bottom of the pool. The dog runs into the fight and grows into it's hellish form, unleashing a burst of fire onto Emrys, Sylvarie and Guru. Emrys backs away and creates a fire in the entranceway to the room. Morgana continues to take abuse from Dolf, Guru, Emrys and Troubadour before suddenly turning invisible. Arzyssa and Greensong enter the room and unleash their own waves of black blight on Sylvarie whilst Brian the dog continues to hound Troubadour and Jeremiah. Emrys summons a rhino and has it charge across the room to no avail, before Morgana reappears and kills him with a blast of blight, banishing the rhino. Wave after wave of black inky death come out of the three sisters as they all refuse to die, knocking Sylvarie unconscious and killing Troubadour again. Guru swigs the questionable health potions provided by Samuel Freedman and is just able to survive one of the waves emenating from the sisters. Azyrssa then disappears for a short while before reappearing and unleashing more blight around her. As Azyrssa reappears Jeremiah unleashes a volley of magical darts that thud into each shoulder before the last thudded into her eye killing her dead. Reinvigorated by their success Dolf swings his hammer at Brian the dog's head and it is knocked clean off as Brian bursts into flame. Dolf moves to Morgana, swinging again for her head and managing to smash her head in as well. As the sister's bodies fall, black goo seeps from the corpses. Finally Jeremiah unleashes a spray of poinson that Greensong gasps and inhales, and as she does it burns out what is left of her lungs, killing her.

The party regroup and gather around the corpses of Emrys and Troubadour, hoping that they can beseech Sune to return their friends to them. They offer their unrefined prayers and it's enough to pull Emrys back from the brink. Troubadour however once again steps out of the world of the living. Sune is there to meet him before death once more, to scold him for failing to save her servant. As this is happening Emrys takes the last health potion and uses it to stabilise Sylvarie and she wakes up breathing. Sune seeing this, allows Troubadour to return once more, but as he awakes he finds himself marked by Sune and missing his soul.

The party go upstairs in the tower where they find squalid living conditions and portraits of Gorba, Sylvarie, Troubadour and Thomas. They destroy the painting of Gorba, by dousing it in the liquid of the shrine and then tossing it on the fire, observing this returning Gorba to her former self. Given this success they repeat the procedure with the remaining 3 paintings, returning all of the victims to their pre-transformation state. 

The party returns to Waterdeep with news of their findings, but Troubadour decided to stay at the temple to ponder his connection to Sune. They find Samuel Freedman and tell him honestly that no such cure exists, but that they have returned Thomas to him. Samuel Freedman questions them on the disappearance of the potion that Guru stole, and Emrys recognises that Samuel Freedman has been the one destroying his forest, he turns into a bird and flies away. The 3 remaining Delvers accept their reward of 300 gold pieces and depart having fulfilled their quest.